in one of my earlier keyboard hacks I
made a funky little LED light-up
keyboard well now it's time to go in a
little bit of a different direction with
another keyboard this is a little bit
more modern keyboard but not by much
that's for one of my backup computers so
let's dig in flip it over and start
taking out the screws there's gonna be
quite a few in my case there's close to
a dozen no hang onto them because we're
gonna need them once you've got the
keyboard apart separate them and let's
get close to the keyboard side now this
one also had a little metal shield that
had a few screws that had to come out so
I could get to the keys you'll find a
flexible plastic piece which is the
circuit board for the keyboard will pull
that aside then we'll peel back the
little rubber button sheet that comes in
contact with the keys exposing just the
numeric keypad now most of the buttons
other than the numeric lock are
everywhere else on the keyboard so we
can afford to do this for the project
now make sure all the keys are pushed
down or up if you are looking at the
keyboard from the top then we're going
to use some hot glue and glue all those
keys in place now we have to flip back
the little portion of the rubber button
sheet because we need to cut that off so
use a pair of scissors and cut off the
numeric keypad rubber button sheet now
you're going to need a small saw or in
my case I'm using my Dremel and we'll
slowly start cutting around the numeric
keypad go slow and steady and once
you're done you'll end up with the
keypad all in one piece peel off the
excess burnt plastic pieces on both the
keyboard end and also on the keypad just
to neaten it up then I use the sanding
Dremel attachment just to smooth out the
corners of the keypad now we're going to
need a base inside the keyboard so I'm
using a piece of cardstock that will fit
over the hole we just cut out in the
keyboard base I'll securely tape that in
place so it doesn't go anywhere
then using a razor blade I cut two small
squares for the little notches that the
keypad will fit in then we can lay the
circuit board sheet back down secure
that additional shield and start putting
the keyboard back together put in all
the screws except for the screw that's
in the back of the numeric keypad then I
cut out another piece of cardstock to go
over our keypad and also cut out the two
notches that correspond with the notches
in the keyboard base and I hot-glued it
in place now it's time to collect your
valuables
like some cash that world-famous recipe
that you couldn't live without and maybe
even your YouTube password once
everything's in place
cover it with our secret numeric keypad
and for an extra measure of security you
can use that last screw to screw the
keypad in place
chances are nobody is going to steal
your keyboard these days and they'll be
hard-pressed to find your little stash
place well that's how to make a sneaky
keyboard hack thanks for watching and
we'll see you next time